# Guide Me_App
Let me take you on a journey of my graduation project with my team mates , Guide me is a tour guide app where the tourists or anyone interested in the Egyptian tourism can see Egypt and its tourist places. when you sign in the app you have the most tourist cities in Egypt which are Cairo, Alex, Marsa matrouh, Giza, South Sinai, Aswan, Luxor (you can search the city you want to go to). Once you tap a city there are places in the city that are categorized as historical, medical, ecotourism, entertainment, religious and so on (you can search for a specific place too) if you don't find a place in the app and you want to have information about it you can just scan it or pick an image from your gallery for the place , you didn't find it too? so suggest it to the app by passing its name correctly and after providing you with the address of the place to make sure that it is the place you mean it, we will collect information about the place and add it in the app. Now when you tap a place you enter the page where you have its image ,a brief text will appear, its location on the map, translated audio (where all the app is translated according to the language you chose while signing up) which is more detailed than the text, overall video to have a tour in the place through your screen , you also have recommendations to places you may like to visit according to your prefernces or the location of the place . You can also rate the place and choose a reason for your rating (you can see your last rate and change it if you like) as well as make a review which is a comment about the place and see the others'. If you want to change your language later go to your profile where app has many languages which are English, Arabic, Russian, Italian, German, French, Spanish , Japanese, Chinese. also you can view your favorites and history.

Now I can tell you that this app is just a try from us to make people from Egypt or outside it know that it is such an incredible country which has a lot of beautiful & attractive places that deserve visiting, Our goal is to ensure the harmony of 7 thousand year culture with the technology of the 21st century.

NOTE : This is a full stack project where there is ASP.net for back-end and machine learning technique , but I was in the frontend team so this is the front-end part of the project which is Flutter.
